https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-7680 Add backup collision topic (#5586)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_schedule.adoc

When the activation data is restored, only managed clusters created by using the Hive API are automatically connected with the new hub cluster. All other managed clusters appear in a _Pending_ state. You need to manually reattach them to the new cluster.

[#avoid-backup-collision]
=== Avoiding backup collisions

Backup collisions might occur if the hub cluster changes from being a passive hub cluster to becoming a primary hub cluster, or the other way around, and different managed clusters back up data at the same storage location.

> As a result, the latest backups are generated by a hub cluster that is no longer set as the primary hub cluster. This hub cluster still produces backups because the `BackupSchedule.cluster.open-cluster-management.io` resource is still enabled, but this hub cluster no longer writes backup data since it is not a primary hub cluster anymore.

Reviewer: This is incorrect
This hub cluster still produces backups because the `BackupSchedule.cluster.open-cluster-management.io` resource is still enabled, but this hub cluster no longer writes backup data since it is not a primary hub cluster anymore.

I think you mean
This hub cluster still produces backups because the `BackupSchedule.cluster.open-cluster-management.io` resource is still enabled, but this hub cluster **should** no longer writes backup data since it is not a primary hub cluster anymore.

Author: Ah, I think in this case should means "is not supposed to" as in "we don't want this hub to write data", as opposed to the other meaning of should? (i.e. I should not have any meetings later today)

Is that correct?

> As a result, the latest backups are generated by a hub cluster that is no longer set as the primary hub cluster. This hub cluster still produces backups because the `BackupSchedule.cluster.open-cluster-management.io` resource is still enabled, even though this hub cluster is not supposed to write backup data because it is not a primary hub cluster anymore.

Reviewer 2: the second part of the second sentence seems repetitive. 
```suggestion
As a result, the latest backups are generated by a hub cluster that is no longer set as the primary hub cluster. This hub cluster still produces backups because the `BackupSchedule.cluster.open-cluster-management.io` resource is still enabled.
```

See the following list to learn about two scenarios that might cause a backup collision:

> . The primary hub cluster fails unexpectedly, which inlcudes the following conditions occuring:

Reviewer 2: Or continue to use includes, just double check spelling
```suggestion
. The primary hub cluster fails unexpectedly, which causes the following conditions to occur:
```

> ** The primary hub cluster called Hub1 fails.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** Communication from the primary hub cluster to Hub1 fails.
```

** The Hub1 backup data is restored on a secondary hub cluster, called Hub2.
** The administrator creates the `BackupSchedule.cluster.open-cluster-management.io` resource on Hub2, which is now the primary hub cluster and generates backup data to the common storage location.
** Hub1 unexpectedly starts working again.
+

> Since the `BackupSchedule.cluster.open-cluster-management.io` resource is still enabled on Hub1, Hub1 resumes writing backups to the same storage location as Hub2. Both hub clusters are now writing backup data at the same storage location. Any managed cluster restoring the latest backups from this storage location might use Hub1 data instead of Hub2 data.

Reviewer: This is wrong : Any managed cluster restoring the latest backups. ( managed clusters don't restore backups )

It should be : Any hub cluster restoring the latest backups

> . The administrator tests a disaster scenario by making Hub2 a primary hub cluster, which inlcudes the following conditions occuring:

Reviewer: typo: which inlcudes

> . The administrator tests a disaster scenario by making Hub2 a primary hub cluster, which includes the following conditions occuring:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. The administrator tests a disaster scenario by making Hub2 a primary hub cluster, which causes the following conditions to occur:
```

> ** Hub1 is stopped.

Reviewer 2: Consider using the hyphen, to avoid the double-asterisk issue.

** Hub1 backup data is restored on Hub2.
** The administrator creates the `BackupSchedule.cluster.open-cluster-management.io` resource on Hub2, which is now the primary hub cluster and generates backup data to the common storage location.
** After the disaster test is completed, the administrator reverts to the previous state and makes Hub1 the primary hub cluster again.
** Hub1 starts while Hub2 is still active.
+

> Since the `BackupSchedule.cluster.open-cluster-management.io` resource is still enabled on Hub2, it might write backups at the same storage location that corrupts the backup data. Any managed cluster restoring the latest backups from this location might use Hub2 data instead of Hub1 data. In this scenario, stopping Hub2 first or deleting the `BackupSchedule.cluster.open-cluster-management.io` resource on Hub2 before starting Hub1 fixes the backup collision issue.

Reviewer: this : it might write backups

should be : it will write backups. ( 100% happening :)

> Since the `BackupSchedule.cluster.open-cluster-management.io` resource is still enabled on Hub2, it might write backups at the same storage location that corrupts the backup data. Any managed cluster restoring the latest backups from this location might use Hub2 data instead of Hub1 data. In this scenario, stopping Hub2 first or deleting the `BackupSchedule.cluster.open-cluster-management.io` resource on Hub2 before starting Hub1 fixes the backup collision issue.

Reviewer: here again, replace : Any managed cluster restoring 

with : Any hub cluster restoring
